== Welcome to collapseMenu

Simple rails application that implements a very basic collapsing or sliding menu in HTML, css, coffeescript/javascript, and jQuery. This menu is similar to the ones that are in Path and Facebook for the iPhone and facebooks mobile site.

The menu is responsive and closes automatically when the window is resized.  When a button is pressed in the menu the menu will slide closed before loading the linked page.  Currently only the "Home" button in the menu has an active link.

==Working Example Online
http://protected-oasis-5276.herokuapp.com

Press the menu button in the upper left hand corner to open and close the menu.  Press the "Home" button in the menu to see the clicked-link close-menu animation.
Resize the window to be less that 750 pixels to see the resposive change the menu makes for mobile sizes.

== Getting Started

1. Download the latest release. https://github.com/THoracek/collapseMenu/archive/master.zip

2. Change directory to <tt>collapseMenu-master</tt> and start the web server:
       <tt>cd collapseMenu-master; rails server</tt> (run with --help for options)

3. Go to http://localhost:3000/ and you'll see the menu in action!

==Requirements
To run the code locally, ruby on rails needs to be installed on your system so you can run the "rails server" command.

The code itself is all done in HTML, css/scss, and coffeescript/javascript/jQuery

==Contributing
Forks, patches and other feedback are welcome.

==License
Copyright (c) 2013 Thomas Horacek All rights reserved.

This code is distributed under the terms and conditions of the MIT license.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.